README.md, before:

## About [HUMAN](https://www.humansecurity.com/) 

HUMAN is a cybersecurity company that protects organizations by disrupting digital fraud and abuse. We leverage modern defense to disrupt the economics of cybercrime by increasing the cost to cybercriminals while simultaneously reducing the cost of collective defense. Today we verify the humanity of more than 20 trillion digital interactions per week across advertising, marketing, e-commerce, government, education and enterprise security, putting us in a position to win against cybercriminals. HUMAN was named one of the [TIME100 Most Influential Companies of 2023](https://time.com/collection/time100-companies-2023/6285152/human-security/). Protect your digital business with HUMAN. To Know Who’s Real, visit [www.humansecurity.com](https://www.humansecurity.com).

## Instructions
### iOS Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Install [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/).
3. In the project's folder:
    1. Open Terminal.
    2. Run `pod install`.
4. Open the project with Xcode (`HUMAN_SDK_Demo.xcworkspace`).
5. Run the app.


### Android Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open the project with Android Studio.
3. Run the app.


### React Native Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open Terminal.
3. In the root directory, run `npm install`.
4. iOS:
    1. In the iOS root directory, run `pod install`.
    2. Open the project with Xcode (`HUMAN_Demo.xcworkspace`).
    3. Run the app.
5. Android:
    1. Open the project with Android Studio.
    2. Run the app.


### Flutter Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open Terminal.
3. In ios directory, run `pod install`.
4. In the root directory, run the app by using `flutter run`.


### Ionic Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open Terminal.
3. iOS:
    1. In the iOS root directory, run `pod install`.
    2. Open the project with Xcode (`App.xcworkspace`).
    3. Run the app.
4. Android:
    1. Open the project with Android Studio.
    2. Run the app.


### visionOS Demo App
1. Open the project with Xcode (`HumanDemo.xcworkspace`).
2. Run the app.

Commit message:

Fix Inoic and Flutter demo apps and README file.

README.md, after:

## About [HUMAN](https://www.humansecurity.com/) 

HUMAN is a cybersecurity company that protects organizations by disrupting digital fraud and abuse. We leverage modern defense to disrupt the economics of cybercrime by increasing the cost to cybercriminals while simultaneously reducing the cost of collective defense. Today we verify the humanity of more than 20 trillion digital interactions per week across advertising, marketing, e-commerce, government, education and enterprise security, putting us in a position to win against cybercriminals. HUMAN was named one of the [TIME100 Most Influential Companies of 2023](https://time.com/collection/time100-companies-2023/6285152/human-security/). Protect your digital business with HUMAN. To Know Who’s Real, visit [www.humansecurity.com](https://www.humansecurity.com).

## Instructions
### iOS Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Install [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/).
3. In the project's folder:
    1. Open Terminal.
    2. Run `pod install`.
4. Open the project with Xcode (`HUMAN_SDK_Demo.xcworkspace`).
5. Run the app.


### Android Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open the project with Android Studio.
3. Run the app.


### React Native Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open Terminal.
3. In the root directory, run `npm install`.
4. iOS:
    1. In the iOS root directory, run `pod install`.
    2. Open the project with Xcode (`HUMAN_Demo.xcworkspace`).
    3. Run the app.
5. Android:
    1. Open the project with Android Studio.
    2. Run the app.


### Flutter Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open Terminal and run `flutter pub get`.
3. In ios directory, run `pod install`.
4. In the root directory, run the app by using `flutter run`.


### Ionic Demo App
1. Download the demo app.
2. Open Terminal.
3. In the root directory, run `npm install`.
4. iOS: 
    1. in the root directory run `npx cap sync ios` then run `ionic build` and `npx cap copy ios`.
    2. Move to the ios/App directory, and run `pod install`.
    3. Open the project with Xcode (`App.xcworkspace`) or run `npx cap open ios`.
    4. Run the app.
5. Android:
    1. Open the project with Android Studio.
    2. Run the app.


### visionOS Demo App
1. Open the project with Xcode (`HumanDemo.xcworkspace`).
2. Run the app.
